mimc-fast/readme.md, before:

# Dark forest mimc miner

[Dark Forest](https://zkga.me/), the world's first decentralized real-time strategy game. Built on Ethereum with zkSNARKsis a <https://zkga.me/>

Note if you're not technical and cant get through this guide, remember you can get a lot of speedup by just having the stock game use more cores with something like `df.setMinerCores(16)` in the console. So try that first.

This rust package pulls out the fog of war miner to its own binary with a webserver for in game plugins to talk to it. It provides faster results than the built in javascript miner on the same machine. If you're using it on the same machine as the game Pause your in game miner as theyll just compete with eachother and give WORSE results. It also can run remotely in the cloud or even a rapsberry pi 4 has been found to provide 1-2k hashes.

## Install

The rust miner on the same machine as your game can be faster than the javascript because it can more fully utilize the processor. But if you're running on the same machine as the game, pause the in game miner. They're just going to compete with eachother and give you worse peformance.

- Install [rust for your operating system](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) probably with `curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh`
- Install with `cargo install --git  https://github.com/projectsophon/darkforest-rs --bin mimc-fast --force --branch=main`
- Run it (with logging enabled environment variable) with `mimc-fast` or with logging enabled `RUST_LOG=info mimc-fast`
- Connect to it with the built in plugin "Remote Explore"
- Finally if your server does't have an ssl cert on it (it probably doesn't) then you also need to cripple ssl security for the Dark Forest game domain. NOTE THIS IS VERY DANGEROUS. See [enabling mixed content](https://github.com/darkforest-eth/plugins/blob/dc1e024ac658ef34873f8b36176cca2945e52e7c/content/productivity/remote-explore/enable-mixed.md) for an example of how thats done. 

Remember to pause the built in miner if you're running it on the same machine as the game client or they'll just fight eachother for resources and give LESS hashes overall.

## Troubleshooting
To test its working to the mining url, in the case of your local machine `curl --data '{"chunkFootprint": { "bottomLeft": { "x": 0, "y": 0 }, "sideLength": 256 }, "planetRarity":16384, "planetHashKey": 8}' -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST localhost:8000/mine`

You can get far more debug logs by running with `RUST_LOG=trace cargo run`

### Performance tuning

By defualt the miner uses as much of your processor as possible. This is good if you're on a cloud machine, but not great if you're also trying to run the game. A single processor machine with 4 cores, and 2 threads per core, has 8 threads available. Adjust for your machine, but you might try 4 or 6 threads and see if you dont get even a little better performance because its not competing with the game for resources. You can set the amount of threads to use with an environment variable before the executable like `RAYON_NUM_THREADS=4 mimc-fast`

Commit message:

Update README with Windows instruction

mimc-fast/readme.md, after:

# Dark forest mimc miner

[Dark Forest](https://zkga.me/), the world's first decentralized real-time strategy game. Built on Ethereum with zkSNARKsis a <https://zkga.me/>

Note if you're not technical and cant get through this guide, remember you can get a lot of speedup by just having the stock game use more cores with something like `df.setMinerCores(16)` in the console. So try that first.

This rust package pulls out the fog of war miner to its own binary with a webserver for in game plugins to talk to it. It provides faster results than the built in javascript miner on the same machine. If you're using it on the same machine as the game Pause your in game miner as theyll just compete with eachother and give WORSE results. It also can run remotely in the cloud or even a rapsberry pi 4 has been found to provide 1-2k hashes.

## Install

The rust miner on the same machine as your game can be faster than the javascript because it can more fully utilize the processor. But if you're running on the same machine as the game, pause the in game miner. They're just going to compete with eachother and give you worse peformance.

- Install [rust for your operating system](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) probably with `curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh`
- Install with `cargo install --git  https://github.com/projectsophon/darkforest-rs --bin mimc-fast --force --branch=main`
- Run it (with logging enabled environment variable) with `mimc-fast` or with logging enabled `RUST_LOG=info mimc-fast`
- Connect to it with the built in plugin "Remote Explore"
- Finally if your server does't have an ssl cert on it (it probably doesn't) then you also need to cripple ssl security for the Dark Forest game domain. NOTE THIS IS VERY DANGEROUS. See [enabling mixed content](https://github.com/darkforest-eth/plugins/blob/dc1e024ac658ef34873f8b36176cca2945e52e7c/content/productivity/remote-explore/enable-mixed.md) for an example of how thats done. 

Remember to pause the built in miner if you're running it on the same machine as the game client or they'll just fight eachother for resources and give LESS hashes overall.

### Windows
- Install [rust for your operating system](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) probably with `curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh`
- Install with `cargo install --git  https://github.com/projectsophon/darkforest-rs --bin mimc-fast --force --branch=main`
- mimc-fast.exe is located at `C:\Users\<username>\.cargo\bin` you can copy past it where you want
- Create a miner.bat file in the same directory as mimc-fast.exe with 

		set RAYON_NUM_THREADS=16
		set RUST_LOG=info
		mimc-fast.exe
- Open miner.bat to start the server
- Use `http://localhost:8000/mine` to connect to your local miner with the built in plugin "Remote Explore"

## Troubleshooting
To test its working to the mining url, in the case of your local machine `curl --data '{"chunkFootprint": { "bottomLeft": { "x": 0, "y": 0 }, "sideLength": 256 }, "planetRarity":16384, "planetHashKey": 8}' -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST localhost:8000/mine`

You can get far more debug logs by running with `RUST_LOG=trace cargo run`

### Performance tuning

By defualt the miner uses as much of your processor as possible. This is good if you're on a cloud machine, but not great if you're also trying to run the game. A single processor machine with 4 cores, and 2 threads per core, has 8 threads available. Adjust for your machine, but you might try 4 or 6 threads and see if you dont get even a little better performance because its not competing with the game for resources. You can set the amount of threads to use with an environment variable before the executable like `RAYON_NUM_THREADS=4 mimc-fast`
